DOC: Warn about uncommon volume format options (#8756)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/data_loading_and_saving.md

:::

:::{note}

### Be careful with less commonly used options

Research data formats like NRRD and NIfTI, and even widely used clinical formats like DICOM,
support many encoding options that can be "valid" but are so rarely seen that support libraries

> and other code in Slicer is not able to correctly interpret them.  If you are performing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and other code in Slicer are not able to correctly interpret them.  If you are performing data
```

> interchange between Slicer and other software, try to use widely used conventions like LPS or RAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interchange between Slicer and other software, follow widely used conventions (such as LPS or RAS for coordinate system)
```

> and doublecheck data integrity as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and doublecheck data integrity if deviating from them.
```
